swelling in your body? You are unable to understand why this swelling is happening. Sometimes there
is swelling on your face, sometimes it gets absorbed in your hands, there is swelling in the feet,
that is, if you have continuous swelling in any part of the body, then it is a sign of a major
disease. You have to be careful, you have to get it treated as soon as possible. Do not ignore this
disease at all. In today's video, we will learn from Hakim Salman Khan saheb, if there is swelling
in your body, then what can be some remedy for it, which you can easily adopt, you can get relief.
A. You should buy flax seed. You should buy two to three hundred grams of flax seed. Everyone knows
that flax seed is available at the grocery store. Buy two to three hundred grams of it, clean it.
There are many pebbles mixed in it. Fry it lightly and make a powder. Remember not to fry it too
much, fry it lightly. If you fry it too much, it will reduce your blood sugar. So, buy flax seed,
fry it lightly and make a powder and keep it. It also comes with salt and olive oil. Fake seeds are
also available. There is only salt olive and that mix a pinch of this salt Atul in one or two
glasses of water and eat half a spoon of flax seed and drink this salt olive water once or twice a
day, it is better to drink it before eating, you can drink it after eating also and by doing this
continuously for three-four months, it is possible to get rid of swelling, to know the effective
home remedies for all such diseases, you must watch this video of Hakim Suleman till the end and for
more information come to our YouTube channel Hakim Suleman, there are different types of cough, some
people have normal cough or some people have such cough that only jaundice gets cured by taking some
medicine, there is a cough which is called temporary cough in which ribs get broken, so firstly why
does this problem become a problem and what can be some remedies for it, Abhishek, our body has
seeds, now like Amar, if there is any problem in the stomach, then our stomach throws out its dirt
through vomiting or diarrhea, if there is a problem in our eyes, then it is through cough and if
there is a problem in our lungs, then it comes out If there is a problem in this, then he tries to
relieve his discomfort through coughing. There are many types of coughs, but if we say them in
simple words, then it is cough in which there is cough but there is no mucus and it is wet. In this,
phlegm also comes out with cough. So these are the specialities of two coughs and when this disease
becomes severe then the person starts having whooping cough which does not stop. I will look at the
infection, if the dirt of the affected fabric has accumulated too much and is not coming out even
through coughing, then by giving some such medicines which dissolve that lump, then we can easily
get rid of the phlegm. If there is an infection then medicines for the infection also have to be
taken along with it and there is such a medicine which is hot, then such a cough suppressant is very
beneficial for our cough, due to which I often say that in case of cough, there is a thing in our
kitchen which is called Peepal, it is a very good immediate suppressant for cough phlegm, just like
in allopathy, similarly a pinch of Pimple Pimple Pipla Mool PPO is known as Pipramool Vikas, take a
pinch of it and mix it with honey and eat it in the morning and evening, then it can be a good
medicine for common people, let's talk about it, first caller is Vijay, welcome sir, your ninth
problem is that I don't feel like doing any work even after eating and drinking everything, how old
are you, I am 28 and you are very young, so Arun, I don't feel like doing any work, there is no
energy, for such children Gautam and his white and white Gautam and his real gang should do it with
milk, with water, with coconut water, it is possible for you to get cured of all these problems,
next call now Vijay is with us soon, hello sir, hello, you are fasting, sir, your question is
Bhairav, I took the help of this and my age should be fine, oh so many congratulations that you have
been cured of a disease for which there is no cure anywhere, it is a great blessing of God on you,
you should bow down a lot and remain happy and have strength at this age It reduces and you also
want to get instant strength then you should take flaxseed milk, everyone knows flaxseed is called
flaxseed, you should take flaxseed and wash it, buy 400 grams of flaxseed, clean it, there are a lot
of pebbles and stones mixed in it and then roast it lightly and eat one spoon of it with one small
cardamom and take a pinch of olive oil and mix it in water, do this for jaundice, it can give you
immense benefits, immense strength, immense energy, it can generate you, Sunil Kumar ji is from
Dehradun, welcome, take a minute Caramel ji, hello sir, Jai Hind, welcome, Ram Meena, problem
person, I have pain in the right side of my chest, Akshat ji, I got a chest x-ray done since 3rd in
a chapter and I have subscribed, the doctor has not found any problem and what is the reason for my
back pain, he completed it because he is saying like what should I do and both of us are happy,
okay, you did well, I called and Don't worry, firstly you have Gaon Siya, take half a gram of it
twice, if it is muscular then it is difficult to get cured, if it is real then it is any such pain,
then firstly it sucks all the pain and you have salt olive, this is a very good thing, so this is
flax seed and amla, fennel, coriander, you boil 100 grams of flax seed, amla, fennel, coriander and
make its powder, and eat one spoon of this powder, I will tell you once more, sometimes you are not
able to write, flax seed, amla, fennel and coriander, now take 100 grams of this and make a powder,
and put a spoonful of this flower, a spoonful of tea and salt olive in a glass or two glasses of
water and drink this water, once or twice a day, if you take both these remedies for two-three
months then you will get benefit, we are leaving, Varsha ji welcome, Namaskar, welcome, so I have a
problem with my breathing, it is very bad, I took your olive picture by adding sugar I have to
switch on the airplane mode for three days and you had told me six things, give me soft nazeer and
chilli and coriander and also Ke Tevar sweet soda Abhay Ruki and a pinch of olive oil, its name is
Plane, I like it as it is, okay ma'am, yes you can definitely take it and I felt very good that God
has started giving you benefits very soon and keep taking this recipe and you can also take this,
very soon this pump of yours is going to be discharged but you should keep taking it continuously
and take very good care of yourself, stay connected with us and try to make others also benefit from
the recipe which benefits you, thank you very much, stay connected with us [Music]
